Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com
From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel minutes,
our weekly discussion with web
developer and technologists Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing the
show number 522. In this
episode, Scott talks with web
developer and entrepreneur Kuranda Adair
about how projects fail and
what to do with that
failure. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman. This is another episode
of Hansel minutes today. We're
talking with Kuranda Adair from
Carville digital, where she's the
CEO and been doing web
development for many, many years.
And you've got a great
topic for today. Yes. We're
going to talk about failure
and recovering from failure. I
think that's a very, that's
a very courageous topic because
when we talked about this
earlier and you told me
about like the last year
and that you had done
a talk on failure, it
really resonated with me because
I have talks about imposter
syndrome and I did a
talk on open source recently
where I talked about just,
let's just all talk about
the things that no one
talks about, right? We don't
have to all suffer quietly
and pretend that these things
don't actually happen. Right. And
that's super important. And actually
one of my friends who's
also, my lawyer was talking
on asking on Twitter, you
know, why don't we talk
about like how hard it
is to be an entrepreneur
and all the things that
suck about it. And, you
know, I think there's a
lot of reasons why people
don't talk publicly about that,
but the reality is those
things do happen. And if
you, if you just talk
about like, when everything's great
or when you've overcome, you
know, the bad thing, then
people think it's magic and
they're unprepared. Yeah. They think
that you, you have a
startup or you get funding
and then a year later,
you know, you're famous and
wow, that was great. We
can all do that. But
you know, for every one
that succeeds, there's some number.
We don't know what that
number is, but just don't.
Right. Right. So what happened
to me in the last
year was I have had
my business. This is I'm
going into my fourth year.
And last year was supposed
to be, you know, the
year of my business, I
told my wife this and
I signed up for, you
know, an accelerator program and
kind of a business mastermind
thing and was really just
gonna focus on the business
because the first two years
were filled with either health
challenges or, you know, life
transitions. So joined the accelerator
went really well, got a
really, really big job, a
much larger project than I
had done before with a
great company that I really
felt good about. And then
that project did not go
very well. And I ultimately
wasn't able to finish the
last little bit of it
and had to say, you
know what, this is really
outside of my expertise. And
I'm at the end of
my resources and here's someone
who can, you know, who
can fix this and, and
get you that last 5%
of the way. But, you
know, having spent most of
my year on this thing,
that was a really hard
place to end up. And
it was a very, very,
very expensive lesson. Nice. Was
this just one of those
life happens? Things like we
were going to have a,
a talk earlier today, but
I got a flat tire.
Is it like life happens
or was it a combination
of life happens and an
actual mistakes? It was mostly
just, I think, lack of
structure, like for me, you
know, you have to have
a certain amount of structure
and process in your business.
I think to handle projects
over a certain size. And
I didn't yet have that.
Like I had, I had
the knowledge of like, these
are the things that I
want to put in place,
but not the time to
actually do it. And then
this job came along. So
I think part of it
was that part of it
was, you know, just lack
of experience. And so I,
for the first time was
doing something where I knew
I was going to have
to hire other developers to
help do it and, you
know, work with designers and
do all this stuff. And
I'm a project manager by
background. So I wasn't worried
about that part of it,
but, you know, I didn't
have a lot of experience
hiring. So I hired the
wrong developer to start with.
And then, you know, after
several months realize, Oh, this
person's not going to get
it done and have to
like scrap that and start
over with someone new. And,
you know, that's, that's really
expensive lesson and I took
responsibility for that, but, you
know, it's just a tough,
tough thing to learn on
the job. No, but that's
a really interesting point that
you bring up though, is
that, you know, as an
individual web developer, you've been
very successful and you, you
know, you're a good individual
worker when people then go
out and start a company,
I don't know how to
do subcontractors and taxes and
accounting. It doesn't, it doesn't
mean that you go from
working as a web developer
for a hundred percent of
your time to maybe half
of your time. You're a
web developer and the rest
of the time, it's all
the administrative business type stuff
that we don't have any
experience in. Right. And the,
I mean, the administrative stuff
is, is kind of there
regardless, but yes, when you
take on trying to, you
know, outsource tasks to other
people is a whole other
layer of complexity. And if
you don't have those processes
and documentation in place, then
it's, it makes it that
much harder. Do you use
all sorts of like, what
kind of tools do you
bring in like as a,
as a, do you have,
was it an issue of
like, I have to use
base camp for this and
you use Trello for that
and all those kind of
things. And then I think
when you talk about process
or structure, what do you,
what do you mean? So
when you talk about process
and structure, mostly I'm talking
about knowing how things are
supposed to happen. So that
the road, the tool that
you use to delineate that
doesn't really matter. I've used
Trello, I've used base camp.
I've used teamwork, but more
it's okay. You know, when
it's time to onboard a
new client, what needs to
happen? Well, it's probably the
same set of steps every
time. Like, do you know
what those steps are? Are
they written down or someone
else can see them so
that if you had to
train somebody else to do
it, you know, you would
have, you would be able
to hand them this list
and say, these are the
things you need to do.
If you don't have that,
then every time someone new
comes into your business, you're
either winging it. Or you're
sort of trying to remember
off the top of your
head, okay, what happens next?
And that's the recipe for
disaster and overwhelmed. I'm learning
that now. I just, I
now have a team. I
used to have a team
like many, many years ago,
and then I became an
individual contributor and now I
have a team of three
and they're all different kinds
of people from all different
places in the, in the
world. And they all different
time zones. And I'm having
to like create structure where
there was no structure before.
And it's really like emailing
them randomly turns out isn't
the kind of structure that
they need as important. It's
like bricks for me. Yeah.
So what I do now
is, you know, and it's
easier to do this, you
know, before you start hiring
people, although that's not usually
the way it happens, but
what I've done is just
start to record things as
I do them. So just
writing down the steps of,
okay, when I post a
new blog post, what has
to happen. And so I
have a list of, you
know, almost 25 things that
have to happen if a
new blog post is going
to go out. So then
I can hand that off
to a virtual assistant or,
you know, whatever. Or even
if I'm, you know, I
still do it myself, but
then I don't have to
remember the steps or I
don't have to worry that
I miss something. I just
open the checklist and go
down. It, It seems like
when you go from one
to an people, it all
becomes about documentation Pretty much.
Yeah. And I've written some
blog posts about documentation. I
feel like documentation is a
love letter to future you
because you're going to come
back to whatever it is,
even if it's just you
and go, what is happening
here, especially with websites and
technology. That is really good.
I like that document that,
you know, cause I've been
treating, my blog is documentation.
It is a love letter
to future me because I'm
always Googling for stuff that
I know I did. I,
I know I did before.
And it was like, Oh,
thank you. Pass Scott for
writing that down. So that
future has got denied. Well,
I have to say too
that I really liked that
philosophy and I've adopted it
very strongly. And I tell
people constantly that if someone
asks me a question and
I can answer with a
link to some thing that
I've already written, I feel
like I won. And I,
you know, I've read your
post about having so many
keystrokes. And I was like,
yes, that is the way
in the light and I'm
going to embrace it. That's
awesome. That makes me happy.
Thank you. So, so walk
me through, if you don't
mind the story arc of
the year, because it didn't
start as a failure on
like day one, like things
must have multiplied. Yeah. So,
you know, things started out
very shiny. I, I hired
someone to do, you know,
a lot of the backend
development. I actually handed off
all of the stuff I
went on a vacation, which
was amazing. And then just
as time went by, you
know, there were more communication
issues with the developer and,
and it was just a
lot harder than it needed
to be. And so at
some point, you know, there
was kind of a critical
moment where it's like, okay,
what, what am I going
to do if this guy
can't get it done? And
at that point I was
much further entrenched in the,
in the mastermind community that
I had joined. And so
I had a network of
hundreds of people, you know,
who are all web professionals
of different types. And so
I reached out to that
community, which is what I
should have done in the
first place, but I was
only a couple of weeks
into it. So I reached
out to one of them
and it's called a 10
K bootcamp. And it's actually
a course to teach you
how to, how to land
larger web projects. You know?
So if you were doing,
you know, $500 websites or
thousand dollar websites, like how
to, how to level up
to $10,000 websites. And so
I reached out to someone
in that community and kind
of explained my position. And
he was like, yeah, we
can totally rebuild this. And,
and that process was great.
But then there was the,
there was also the complexity
of getting, getting the data
from the old system into
the new system. And that's
kind of where things fell
apart. And so, you know,
when we tried, tried to,
to launch it just didn't,
it just didn't work. And
it was very clear that
it wasn't going to work
without, you know, further, further
fixing. So at that point
I kind of had to
just remove myself from the
process and say, look, you
know, this person can get
youth, you know, to the,
to the finish line on
this, but, but I've got
to step out. So, so
that was a really hard
moment and kind of probably
like the second worst month
of my life when that
happened, but even in the
middle of it, you know,
the great thing about having
that community is that I
was reaching to people for
help. And they were telling
me like, Oh yeah, let
me tell you when this
happened to me and the
stories they were telling me
were almost always 10 times
worse than what was happening
in the moment. And I
was like, Oh, so this
isn't like, I'm a failure
and should never work again.
This is, this is a
thing that happens to everybody
who goes into business and
tries to, you know, get
outside of their comfort zone
and right. And you get
through it, like things happen
in business and you, you
deal with it. And I
think that's, that's an attitude
that you learn when you
have, you know, when you're
a freelancer or you have
a company you very quickly
learn that things happen and
you have to focus almost
immediately on, okay, what's the
thing that's going to fix
the situation and not, Oh,
I'm a terrible failure. And
you know, yeah, you get
a little bit of wallowing,
but then you have to
pick yourself up and figure
out what to do next.
How much of having a,
a, a business like this
is, we're going to say
the word insurance, but it's
not about insurance is about
covering yourself when things go
wrong. Right. Because any number
of things can go wrong.
You say that, you know,
you had a, a subcontractor
that didn't work out, but
it could have been web
hosting that went down or
it could have been getting
audited, you know, like there's
speed bumps in life. And
there's potholes that you, that
are gonna happen regardless. How
do you, how do you
protect yourself from those things?
Well, I mean, you can
only protect yourself to a
certain extent, right? And part
of the, part of the
process with, you know, failing
a thing is, is figuring
out like what went wrong
and how to keep it
from happening again. And so
a lot of the things
that I'm focused on, like
documentation and process and, and,
you know, figuring out what
kinds of projects I want
to work on and what
kinds of businesses I can
help came from having that
terrible year and that terrible,
terrible failure, because now I
can be like, okay, that's
a thing that, you know,
I'm not good at and
I don't want to do,
and it kind of brings
into relief. These are the
things I am good at.
Like luckily, you know, I
did do some other projects
for some other people who
were really happy with the
results. And so I could
point to something and say
like, Oh, okay, I did
this thing. That was cool.
And I made this person
happy and, and it kind
of helped me narrow down,
like, okay, I really prefer
to work with service based
businesses. And I really prefer
to work with, you know,
a certain size of bins.
And I really like to
focus on not just, okay,
let's build you a website,
but how do we make
that website, an asset to
your business? How do we
turn that into, you know,
an employee basically that can
market for you 24 seven,
because that's the whole point
and, and great thing about
the web is that it's
never off. So if you're
going to have a website,
you might as well turn
it into something useful that
actually, you know, is an
asset for your business. So
those are the things I
came to focus on, sort
of out of, you know,
doing all the wrong things.
This episode of Hansel minutes
is brought to you by
Braintree code for easy online
payments. If you're building a
mobile app and you're searching
for a simple payment solution,
check out Braintree, the brain
tree v.zero SDK makes it
easy to offer multiple mobile
payment types. So you can
start accepting PayPal, Apple pay
Bitcoin, Venmo, credit cards, and
more all with a single
integration, one small snippet of
code. And you're set up
in less than 10 minutes.
If you don't have time,
you can give them a
call. They'll even handle the
integration for you and walk
you through it. The SDK
supports seven languages, dotnet node,
Java, Perl, PHP, Python, and
Ruby elegant code clear documentation
to learn more. And for
your first $50,000 in transactions
fee free, go to Braintree
payments.com/hanselman that's Braintree payments.com/hanselman. So
what do you do? What
would you do if you
literally backed up in time
and started all over again,
the exact same everything except,
you know, what would happen?
How would you like? You
know what I mean? Like,
like Groundhog day. Yeah. So
with this particular job, you
mean, I definitely would point
the client in another direction.
Like in hindsight, I think
that, you know, there should
have been, it probably should
have gone to an agency.
There probably should have been
a team of people just,
just from how complex it
is. And another thing that
one of my friends said
to me is that, you
know, having, when you have
a business that is your
entire website, I mean, this
was a really complex, e-commerce
say where the whole business
was dependent on that. And
you have no one technical
in your company. That's probably
not a good longterm thing.
Like if you're, you know,
like there was nobody, you
know, there were no employees
and, and like, it's, it
was all contractors working on
the site. And so I
think if you're, if you
have a website, that's just
like, Oh, I've got a
bike shop and I need
a website to market it.
Like, okay, cool. But if
your whole business is your
website, you probably want somebody,
you know, at your Beck
and call nine to five,
who understands a lot of
that technical stuff and can
deal with that on a
day to day basis. Yeah.
I mean, they're, if they
do that, they're, they've outsourced
literally everything to the point
where there's no backup, right.
If you get hit by
a bus, their business collapses,
if there's no, no technical
person to manage that, that's
wow. That's, that's a dramatically
bad idea. Yeah. So lots
of, lots of lessons and,
you know, I really came
out of it with, I
mean, there were some ideas
that I was working on
that I just didn't have
time to implement. And so
it's been nice coming out
of that to really have
time to focus on the
next thing that I want
to do and focus on
restructuring business in a way
that's going to be better
for me and better for
my future clients and my
current clients. So that's been
really good. This brings up
a really interesting question also,
which is the idea that
when you are growing, when
you're growing as a person,
when you're growing as a
business, you're always encouraged to
step outside your comfort zone.
And I've always been told
by people that I trust
and admire to, to stretch
and do stuff that makes
you uncomfortable. But at the
same time, you know, I
don't go and try to
squat 400 pounds because I
would die. Right. So like
at what point go, Hey,
I'm stretching out. Somebody's comfortable
at a, at a reasonable
amount of stretching. You know
what I mean? Basically. And
I I've been thinking about
that a lot because, you
know, a few months ago
when I was in the
thick of it, it's like,
Oh yeah, everybody tells you
fake it till you make
it. And they don't really
talk about what happens when
you don't make it. Which
is part of the reason
I did, you know, a
whole talk about failure a
couple of weeks ago, because,
you know, we need to
talk about that and yes,
you should stretch out outside
your comfort zone, but what's
too much, you know, obviously
400 pound squats, too much.
This job that I took
was too much, you know,
maybe in two or three
years, you know, I could
take a job like that
and it would go off
without a hitch. But yeah,
it's, it's hard to know
that in advance and that's
why, that's why we get
those life happens, moments. It
is a bit of a
correction, but at the same
time, it also takes a
lot of emotional maturity and
it takes also organizational maturity
to be able to, to
say, you know, this is
bigger than I can, that
I can do. Yeah. And
another thing that I thought
a lot about, especially before
I gave that talk is
there's a great article on
medium. And I think it's
called seven lessons for seven
lessons for minority leaders and
everyone else. But it talks
about sort of this amalgam,
you know, of a guy
that he calls Kevin. And
it's like, Kevin's sort of
like your typical straight white
dude in tech or in
whatever where, you know, you
can fail. And there's really
not that much consequence to
it. Whereas if you're, yeah.
And you know, if you
are in an underrepresented group
and whatever your career field,
there's so much more risk
to failure to talking about
failure because you know, you
really have the risk of
that's what people remember, you
know, you don't, whereas, you
know, when you're, when you're
talking about people who are
in the majority, then it's
like, Oh yeah, they failed
and whatever they bounce back
and like they get, they
get the past. Right. And
it's a, it's a great
article. I'll send it to
you for show notes if
you want, but it really
kind of points out, you
know, the con the risks
and the consequences can be
so much greater. And that's
why you, especially, if you're,
if you're underrepresented, it's, it's
more of a stressor to
be like, Oh, I have
to be the best. And
I have to always present
success, you know, because the
risks are greater. Yeah. I
can relate to that. And
I think that, you know,
for some people who are
listening, that might be hard,
hard to hear, but like
many, many years ago, I
wrote a blog post called
I'm a phony where I
kind of was one of
the early people who talked
about imposter syndrome. And while
it felt risky and it
was in, in a way
risky, it wasn't ultimately, there's
still a bunch of people
who just laugh it off.
Like, Oh, Scott ha. You're
not a phony, you know,
it, it doesn't stick with
me like that. You know?
Well, some people are like,
think, Oh, that's so courageous.
There's, there's a certain amount
of Teflon involved where it
hasn't stuck with me in
a negative way, from a
technical perspective. And I use
it to empower others, but
ultimately it didn't cause me
pain while it could definitely
cause someone else a problem.
If they had decided to
become the phony and everyone
would just, you know, you
Google for phony and you
find that person and you
go, all right, I will
not be hiring you for,
for your website. Exactly. So,
so then why, how, where
do you come with it?
Where does that courage come
from for you to go
and basically do the opposite.
And rather than simply, you
know, curling up and saying,
all right, there's a failure.
I'm not going to talk
about it. And I will
start over next year. You
have gone and done an
actual talk on failure at
conferences. Well, it was a
meetup. It wasn't a conference.
Although I do have someone
that I'm talking with them
at a conference and they're
like, Oh, maybe that talk.
I'm like, Oh man. And
an opensource. I mean, to
give yourself some credit, you
can an open source bridge
on a different topic last
year. So I could, I
could see this being a
keynote. Yeah. Yeah. I don't
know. I'll think about it,
but, but really why I
decided to do it was
one. It was, I had
agreed to give the talk,
you know, probably six months
before it was supposed to
happen in September. And at
that time I was probably
planning to talk about the
new project that I'm working
on right now, websites that
work. And by the time,
and then I was going
to be out of town.
So then we postponed and
when the new date came
up, it was like, well,
this is really, probably the
most useful thing that I
have to talk about because
people, people are out there
struggling with this kind of
thing. And yeah, I can
talk about my new project
and try to sell people
on a new project. But
for that kind of talk,
it was like, what's, what's
going to be the most
useful for the audience. And
so that's why I decided
to talk about it. And
also, you know, I make
websites like I work on
the internet. So even if
a certain percentage of people
are like, Oh, okay, I'm
never going to hire her
again. Or you're, you know,
I'm going to steer clear.
It's like, it's a big
world and a big internet.
So I don't feel like,
I don't feel like I'm
not going to be able
to create a business or
recover. You know, if there's
a, there's always a few
people who aren't going to
hire you, there's always millions
of people who aren't going
to hire you for whatever
reason, but you know, millions,
more people. So although it's
maybe a higher risk for
me than for some other
people, I also feel like
it's probably worth it. And
it helps other people, especially
other people who are really
afraid to speak up and,
and admit to anybody that
they're struggling. It can be
really hard when you're in
that position to just see
success, success, success, and think,
well, everybody else is doing
this. That means like, I'm
not cut out for it
or I shouldn't be doing
it. And that's not the
case. Right. I think it's
so, it's so important also
to think about what are
appropriate comparisons and when comparison
is empowering versus when comparison
just makes things worse. Exactly.
I have a friend who
has a whole program around
learning to stop comparing yourself
to other people. Yeah. Yeah.
I'm on my timeline and
it seems like everyone is
visiting the white house for
some amazing thing. Portland just
hanging out at Chipotle, you
know, like I'm not the
white house. Like I suck,
you know, and it just
begins Well, and I am
actually friends with someone who's
been at the white house
twice in the last two
years, man. I'm so close,
but so far I'm like,
I am not doing what
she's doing. And yeah. So
it can be, it can
be crippling to kind of
dwell on that too much
instead of like, okay, what,
what is the next thing
that I can do? You
know, what's the way that
I can start helping people
and not like, Oh, you
know, I'm going to worry
that Dina's at the white
house and I'm not Right.
And, but, and then from
a technical perspective, I think
it's important to remember that
there's a whole bunch of
technologies out there a lot.
And you know, I am
never going to be a,
a, a Python expert or
I'm never going to be
a, you know, a WordPress
theming expert and then pause
for effect. And that's okay.
You know, that's the part
that's, so that's so challenging
is the, and that's okay.
Right. Exactly. And yeah, there
are a lot of technologies
and it's super overwhelming and
that's, that's kind of what
the motivation was for my
next project, which is, well,
one thing I learned from
all this is that one
of the things I really
enjoy is teaching people and
empowering people around technology. And
so I created an entire
course around that because I
see this same pattern where,
you know, clients come to
me and I say, okay,
let's get started. You know,
what's your, where's your site
hosted. And you know, where's
your domain hosted. And, and
they literally say to me,
Oh, I don't know. Or,
you know, my previous developer
handled all that stuff. Like
it's in their name and
I'm like, wait, you don't
own it. It's your, it's
your business? You know? And
for the first couple of
years, it'd be like almost
half the people would come
to me. And the first
thing we'd have to do
is be like, well, we
have to take back your
stuff that it's yours before
I can actually help you.
And like, that's the level
of, you know, lack of
education, I guess, around technology
when that's not your primary
business. And so I created
a course for small business
owners to help them learn
how to get websites that
are effective. And also just
what you need to know.
You know, you don't have
to be the one to
go in and like change
DNS on your domain name,
but you have to, you
have to own it because
it's your business. It's kind
of like if you bought
a house or you bought,
you know, you had a
physical brick and mortar business
and you go to sign
the lease and you let
your real estate agent sign
it. Oh yeah. Explain it
to people like that. The
light bulb goes on. They're
like, yeah. Oh, I'm like,
they're there to facilitate the
transaction, but it's still your
responsibility. And you, your name
has to be on it.
This is a huge problem
for small business owners. I
had a friend who had
a towing business and didn't
realize that the person who
did their website also own
the domain registration. Exactly. And
they were like, how could
they know? Right. No, one's
going to teach them. Exactly.
Yeah. And there's also, there's
so many brochure ware sites
that are made and even
something like, you know, change
the title. Like again, you
don't need to teach them
HTML, but if there was
some thing, whether it be
Squarespace or WordPress, that would
allow them to go and
update a picture that you
really empower the small business
owner to not feel like
it's a hundred dollar change
fee. Every time they want
to do something small. And
I always, with my clients,
you know, try to give
them as much control as
they want. Right. If they
want to, if they want
to pay to have me
do every little thing, like
that's totally fine, I'll do
it. But if they want
to be like, Hey, I
don't want to call you
like every other day, teach
me how to, you know,
manage pages or create blog
posts or change photos or
whatever. Then a, I want
to build it in such
a way that it's easy
for them to do that.
And B, I want to
teach them how to do
that and provide the resources
so that they can be
as independent and as empowered
as they are. And so
you've made a course, where
is this course going to
happen? So it's not, it's
not created yet. I ran
a beta in the fall.
So from November to January,
I did six different webinars
with a small beta test
group, or just went through
the different topics. So each
week is a different topic
or foundation where we talk
about things like owning your
domain name and, you know,
talk about discovery and actually
figuring out, you know, what
does it, what is your
actual message? Like, what's your
goal? What are you trying
to say? A lot of
people go into to a
website. It's like, okay, we
need to design. It's like,
well, what are you actually,
what's your content going to
be? So we talk about
things like that. Talk about
marketing and content, and then,
you know, the technology piece
of how do you actually
create this thing? You know,
how do you launch it?
How do you market it,
all that kind of stuff.
So we went through that
with a beta course where
I just did live webinars
and answer people's questions. And
now I'm doing a fundraising
round, a crowd fund on
Indiegogo to go ahead and
create the first version of
the course. So it'll be
hosted online, it'll be recorded,
you know, short lessons and
there'll be a coaching call
each week with me, or,
you know, kind of help
people with the concepts or
the things that they're struggling
with and more detailed tutorials
on, like, how actually do
you do this tech thing,
like step by step walkthroughs
of how to do, how
to do things, because you
know, things have evolved so
much. It's like any manufacturing
process, right? When you started
with websites, it was like
HTML and CSS or, you
know, geo cities or what
have you. And now it's
like, you can spin up
a WordPress site. And I
actually literally sat down with
my cousin last weekend and
we put up a wordpress.com
site for her, you know,
where all the structure was
in place and she just
needs to fill it in.
And we did that in
four hours. So manufacturing with
websites has reached a point
where you can create something
that looks professional and nice,
but you still need to
know what should you create
and how do you actually
beach people with it? And
so that's what I'm trying
to teach people. So how
did they, I'm just curious
how, how that person felt
when you put that together?
Well, she actually was one
of my people who went
through my beta course because
it was a beta and
it was, you know, very
sort of generalized overview. I
didn't do a lot of
like specific tech walkthroughs. So
she was someone who, you
know, never touched WordPress. She's
a, she's an amazing artist.
Does beautiful paintings, never really
touched WordPress or, or technology.
And so for her, it
was very overwhelming even to
go on wordpress.com and create
an account and try to
figure out. So we just
sat down and said, okay,
you know, we know you're
wanting to showcase your art.
So let's find a good
theme for that. I showed
her how to, you know,
buy her domain name, how
to point it at her
new site, so that it
says, you know, her domain
name and not her domain,
not wordpress.com. And as I
walked her through those things,
she could see like, we're
really just filling in forms.
Right. You know, even changing
the DNS for the, for
the domain. It was like,
once I walked her through,
it's like, well, you're really
just copying this thing here.
And you're pasting it over
here in your domain, registrar
in the right place. It's
not something technical. It's like,
if you can follow directions
and just go step by
step, it's something that you
can do without being technical,
without having to code, but
having no having no context
or experience or background, she
needed that step by step
walk through. And so, you
know, she was thrilled and
now she has something where
really, she just needs to
learn how to like how
to add her images and,
and go in and add
the text and all that
kind of stuff, which is,
I think more to most
people. That's very cool. I'm
glad that your, your, your
new project is a, it
sounds like it's offer to
a good start. Yeah. We're
26% funded at this point.
And the fundraiser goes until
April 20th. So, and then if
we, if things go really
well and we go over
then for every $500 over
the goal, which is $12,000,
I'm going to give away
a scholarship to a small
business owner to join the
course. Very cool. So people
can check you out at
twitter.com/k R O N D
a. And your website is
Carvel. K R V E
L digital.com. Correct. All right.
Well, thanks. Or as I
like to say, you can
just Google my first name
and find out anything you
want to know about. Yeah.
All right. Well, I appreciate
you taking the time to
talk with me today. Thanks
for having me on this
has been another episode of
Hanselminutes and we'll see you
again next week. .